# 综合

## APM

### Glowroot
[Glowroot](https://github.com/glowroot/glowroot) is a fast, clean, and easy to use open source Java APM. It enables you to trace capture for slow requests and mistakes,
as well as log time follow for every user action, SQL catch, and aggregation. The tool further features a historical roll-up of
all information with configurable maintenance and provides charts to visualize time breakdown and response time percentiles.
With its interactive UI, you can track your app from desktop and mobile devices alike.

### Pinpoint
A free and open source APM solution, [Pinpoint](https://github.com/naver/pinpoint) can help you monitor the performance
of complex distributed systems written in Java and PHP. It looks at the structure of your system and how its components
are interconnected, by tracing transactions across distributed applications. You can track active threads in real time,
see request count and response patterns, as well as JVM performance metrics such as CPU and memory usage, garbage collection
and JVM arguments.

### JavaMelody
[JavaMelody](https://github.com/javamelody/javamelody) is a free and open source APM tool designed to monitor Java or
Java EE applications in QA and production environments. Seeing as it doesn’t include a database or profiling, JavaMelody
is a lightweight solution which can be easily integrated into most applications.

### Scouter
[Scouter](https://github.com/scouter-project/scouter) calls itself the free and open source alternative to New Relic and
AppDynamics’ APM. It shows metrics like user activity, service activity (TPS, response time, SQL profiling, and more),
and resource consumption metrics (CPU, memory usage, heap memory).

### Stagemonitor
[Stagemonitor](https://github.com/stagemonitor/stagemonitor) is a community-developed tool designed for clustered application stack.
That means that you can use it to monitor development, testing, and production of Java-based applications that are running on
multiple servers while keeping a low overhead. It integrates with time series databases (TDSB) such as Elasticsearch, Graphite,
and InfluxDB. With Stagemonitor, you can view historical or live data from the cluster or the developer server, create custom alerts,
 and set thresholds for each metric. It also allows you to create custom dashboards to visualize and analyze metrics.

### MoSKito
[MoSKito](https://github.com/anotheria/moskito) is a complete toolset for DevOps to monitor the performance and behavior
of Java applications. It collects, analyzes, and stores in real time all critical performance metrics such as memory, CPU, threads,
caches, load distribution, and many more. It works with all major app servers such as Tomcat, JBoss, Jetty, WebLogic, doesn’t
require code change and keeps your data private. You can set thresholds and notification alerts, record user activity,
and provides a clean dashboard to monitor all application processes in multi nodes production environments.



## 参考文档

* [20+ Best Log Management Tools for Monitoring, Analytics & More: Pros & Cons Comparison [2021]](https://sematext.com/blog/best-log-management-tools/)

